Revamp sunpy projects (#350)
OpenAstronomy/openastronomy.github.io: _projects/2024/sunpy/eclipse.md

---
name: Solar Eclipse analysis with sunpy
desc: Process and analysis images taken of the total solar eclipse that crosses the US in 2024
requirements:
 - Experience with Python
difficulty: medium to high
issues:
 - https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/issues/7387
mentors:
 - nabobalis

>  - ehsteve

Author: ```suggestion
 - ehsteve
 - ayshih
```

initiatives:
 - GSOC
project_size:

>  - 175 h / medium

Author: This is possibly a large project.

Reviewer: I would say pick one for the listing, and you will work with the applicants anyway during the application period, they can put the size in that you see fit then.

Author: Sure, I am hoping that some of the other mentors on this project when they review it will help decide if this large or medium so both is not on the proposal.

Reviewer: OK. whenever you flip the switch from draft I'll merge.

---
name: Solar Eclipse analysis with sunpy

> desc: Process and analysis images taken of the total solar eclipse that crosses the US in 2024

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
desc: Process and analysis photographs taken of the total solar eclipse that crosses the US in 2024
```

requirements:
 - Experience with Python
 - Background with Physics or Astronomy
difficulty: very high
issues:
 - https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/issues/7387

> mentors:

Reviewer 2: Someone with coronagraph analysis background would be very helpful if not someone that explicitly has analyzed eclipse images. I know there are a number of folks at Goddard that have traveled and work on eclipse data. Alex Young could be a good person to ask to suggest someone. I know that Natchimuthuk Gopalswamy has been to a number of eclipses.

Author: If you can ask, that would be great

Eclipse photographs also frequently require processing steps such as stacking and aligning of multiple exposures, sharpening, and flat-fielding.
This may require new algorithms to be developed or existing tools in SciPy or  other libraries to be identified and applied.

This project will need to create the components within ``sunpy`` but also other libraries such as ``sunkit-image``.

There are several steps:

1. [Recreate this image.](https://svs.gsfc.nasa.gov/5073)
2. [Take the notebook and code from this repository](https://github.com/sunpy/solar-eclipse) of a previous eclipse and update it work with the current version of sunpy.
3. [Add a new topic guide for the 2024 Eclipse](https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/issues/7387)
   This one has several smaller steps to break up the work.
   1. A guide on how to import a photograph into a Map and determine its coordinates
   2. A guide on how to perform the following processing steps:

>       a. Stacking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      a. Stacking images with different exposure times
```

      b. Flat-fielding
      c. Sharpening

Note this will be a difficult project as we are dealing with solar coordinates and how to determine them from the Earth.

> We would need someone with a background in Physics or Astoronmy and with experience of astropy or sunpy coordinates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A background in Physics or Astronomy with experience of astropy or sunpy coordinates is preferred.
```

## Goals

### Community Bonding Period

> * Get familiar wih solar coordinates and solar eclipse data.

Reviewer 2: Made the suggestion above given that you explicitly give time for the student to develop the experience with coordinates here.
